Excellent.
We know how to use the I.D. selectors but see assess our offers.
Also something really cool called Class selectors so where we would use these bad boys as always we're
gonna start by getting rid of what we had in the previous video and let's say in indexation IMO we're
gonna change this around a little bit so I'm gonna say that I'm gonna get rid of all my headings and
everything and I would just like to work with.
I don't know having three and again it doesn't really matter what kind of elements we're creating.
The whole point is gonna be working with classes.
So let's say there is going to be adding three and I'm gonna call this I am gonna have green.
So that would be a green hat.
Now within the second heading the other having three I'm gonna say well you know what I am red.
So those are gonna be my two headings so I can save this.
And you know what.
We can just select them both and copy and paste a few times.
So let's say that there is gonna be six headings total three of them are gonna be green and three of
them are gonna be red.
Now as I'm looking at it I really can see that.
Yeah everything is fine.
So I have red red red.
Everything is correct.
Now how do I actually style them green or red.
Well you can say we could use the I.D. right because we cannot select them all.
I cannot do like this because otherwise this is not going to make sense.
I'm going to style them but all of them are going to be exactly the same.
So if I'm gonna write color green all of them are gonna be green and if I'm gonna write color red all
of them are gonna be color red.
So what would be the solution.
Well you can say OK we can go back and we can start adding the I.D. we can say I don't know maybe one
right.
So this would be number one then number two three four and then go back yeah you could technically do
this but that probably wouldn't be the fastest way.
There's actually a better way now would be using the class now.
Class is gonna be again attribute on our HMO and safe self-explanatory the name is gonna be class.
So class selectors would be using the class attribute and again for a class attribute we would need
to right the value.
Now this is not the best naming convention I can tell you right away naming is green and we'll gonna
cover this a lot in the project but for now let's just go with class of green where for every heading
that I would like to have green I'm going gonna have this class of green.
So instead of using that is we're going to create a class and for every hearing.
Like I said that I would like to have green.
I'm going to copy and paste this and add the value of green.
Now for all the red ones I'm gonna change it.
I'm not gonna say green.
I'm going to use a red.
So again let me select this value for this guy and let's say for the red one copy paste and for the
last one the same.
Now how do we select them and see as though.
So we'll head over back and we're gonna get rid of the string three.
I'm not interested in this.
And now instead of the hash tag that we used for the 80s we need to use that.
This is how we can select classes and again we need to write the name of the class and don't write Grandma
Madea because you do have this class in your document.
Well maybe you do have in yours but I don't have in mind.
So in my case we're gonna write Green and now I again I can write whatever I would like.
So in our case since this is gonna be best visual example we're gonna use green and what happens.
Only the headings that have a class of green turn green.
Simple enough.
Now it's covering paste this let's say we're gonna select not the green bar instead we're gonna work
with red.
And what happens.
Well we're gonna light let's say color red and also background.
I don't know grey background is gonna be grey.
Now what do you think is gonna happen in this case.
So only the classes that were added to the hiring freeze with the value of Red were styled this way.
So this is all we can use class directors in C assess and they are very very powerful.